docs: expand contribution doc into a comprehensive section. (#4271)
wix/Detox: docs/contributing/code/example-projects.md

# Example Projects

Explore various example projects hosted in this monorepo to understand real-world usage and testing with Detox.

- `examples/demo-react-native-jest`: Demonstrates Detox usage in a React Native app project.

> - `examples/demo-native-ios`: Illustrates Detox usage in a pure-native iOS app.
> - `examples/demo-native-android` <span style={{color: 'red'}}>(broken)</span>: Demonstrates Detox usage in a pure-native Android app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `examples/demo-native-ios`: Illustrates Detox usage in a native (non-React Native) iOS app.
- `examples/demo-native-android` <span style={{color: 'red'}}>(broken)</span>: Illustrates Detox usage in a native (non-React Native) Android app.
```

> - `examples/demo-pure-native-android`: Highlights the _pure_ [Detox-Native](https://github.com/wix/Detox/tree/master/detox-native/README.md) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `examples/demo-pure-native-android`: Illustrates the subsidiary [Detox-Native](https://github.com/wix/Detox/blob/master/detox/detox-native/README.md) project.
```
